

Night waned upon this talk, and even the witching hour had gone by, before
we retired to rest.  When I placed my head on my pillow, I did not sleep,
nor could I be said to think.  My
imagination, unbidden, possessed and guided me, gifting the successive
images that arose in my mind with a vividness far beyond the usual bounds
of reverie.  I saw -- with shut eyes, but acute mental vision, -- I saw
the pale student of unhallowed arts kneeling beside the thing he had put
together.  I saw the hideous phantasm of a man stretched out, and then, on
the working of some powerful engine,
show signs of life, and stir with an uneasy, half vital motion.  Frightful must it be;  for supremely
frightful would be the effect of any human endeavour to mock the
stupendous mechanism of the Creator of the world.  His success would
terrify the artist; he would rush away from his odious handywork,
horror-stricken.  He would hope that, left to itself, the slight spark of
life which he had communicated would fade; that this thing, which had
received such imperfect animation, would subside into dead matter; and he
might sleep in the belief that the silence of the grave would quench for
ever the transient existence of the hideous corpse which he had looked
upon as the cradle of life.  He sleeps; but he is awakened; he opens his
eyes; behold the horrid thing stands at his bedside, opening his curtains,
and looking on him with yellow, watery, but speculative eyes.

