THE MODERN PEOMETEEUS. 89

some months in successfully collecting
and arranging my materials, I began.
No one can conceive the variety of
feelings which bore me onwards, like a
hurricane, in the ﬁrst enthusiasm of
success. Life and death appeared to
me ideal bounds, which I should ﬁrst
break through, and pour a torrent of
light into our dark world. A new spe-
cies would bless me as its creator and
source; many happy and excellent na-
tures would owe their being to me. No
father could claim the gratitude of his
child so completely as I should deserve
theirs. Pursuing“ these reﬂections, I
thought, that if I could bestow anima,
tion upon lifeless matter, I might in pro-
cess of time (although I now found it im-
possible) renew ]ife where death had ap-
parently devoted the body to corruption.
These thoughts supported my spiritsI

 

