102 rnmxnusmm ; on,

hardly, that I felt the palpitation of ev'ery
artery; at others, I nearly sank to the
ground through languor and extreme
weakness. Mingled with this horror, I
felt the bitterness of disappointment;
dreams that had been my food'and plea-
sant rest for so long a space, were now
become a hell to me; and the change
was so rapid, the overthrow so com-
plete !

Morning, dismal and wet, at length
dawned, and discovered to my sleepless
and aching eyes the church of Ingol;
stadt, its white steeple and clock, which
indicated the sixth hour. The porter
opened the gates of the court, which had
that night been my asylum, and I issued
into the streets, pacing them with quick
Stem, as if I sought to avoid the wretch
whom I feared every turning of â€˜the
street would present to my view. I did
not dare return to the apartment which

 

