run MODERN moms-rams. 116

been exceedingly ill ; and this makes us
all very wretched, as much so nearly as
after the death of your dear mother. My
uncle was almost persuaded that you
were indeed dangerously ill, and could
hardly be restrained from undertaking a
journey to Ingolstadt. Clerval always_
writes that you are getting better; I
eagerly hope that you will conﬁrm this
intelligence soon in your own hand-
writing; for indeed, indeed, Victor, we
are all very miserable on this account.

' Relieve us from this fear, and we shall
be the happiest creatures in the world.
Your father’s health is now so vigorous,
that he appears ten years younger since
last winter. \ Ernest also is so much im-
proved, that you would hardly know
him: he is now nearly sixteen, and has
lost that sickly appearance which he had
some years ago; he is grown quite rcw
bust and active.

 

