THE MODERN rnonernnos. 119

“After what I have said, I dare say
you well remember the heroine of my
little tale: for Justine was a greatfa:
Vonrite of ,yours; and I recollect you
once remarked, that if_you were in an'
ill humour, one glance from Justine
could dissipate it, for the same reason
that-Ariosto gives concerning the beauty
ofAngelica—she looked so frank-hearted
and happy. My aunt conceived a great
attachment for her, by which she was
induced to give her an education su-
‘perior to that which she had at ﬁrst
intended. This beneﬁt was fully ,re-
paid; Justine was the most grateful
little creature in the world: I do not
mean that she made any professions, I
never: heard one pass her lips; but you
could see by hereyes that she almost
adored her protectress. _Although her
disposition was gayLand. in many re-
Speets, inconsiderate, yet .she'paigl the

 

