TEE 1101:an enounrue‘us. ' ' 121

the idea which she had conceived. 'Ac-
cordingly, a few months after yonr de-
parture for Ingolstadt, Justine was
called home by her repentant mother.
Poor girl! she wept when she quitted .
our house; she was much altered since
the death of my aunt; grief had given
softness and a winning mildness to her
manners, which had before been re-
markable for vivacity. Nor was her
residence at her mother’s house of a
nature to restore her gaiety. The peer
woman was very vacillating in her re-
pentance. She sometimes begged Jus-
tine to'forgive her unkindness, but much
aﬁener accused her of having caused '\
the deaths of her brothers and sister.
Perpetual fretting at length threw Ma-
dame Moritz into a decline, which at
ﬁrst increased her irritability, but she
is now at peace for ever. She died on

the ﬁrst approach of cold weather, at
VOL. I. G

