THE MODERN PEOMETEEUS. 123

received the congratulatory visits on
her approaching marriage with a young
Englishman, John Melbourne, Esq.
Her ugly sister, Manon, married M.
Duvillard, the rich banker, last au-
tumn. Your favourite schoolfellow,
Louis Manoir, has suﬁ'ered several mis-
fortunes since the departure of Clerval
from Geneva. But he has already re-
covered his spirits, and is reported to
be on the point of marrying a very
lively pretty Frenchwoman, Madame
Taveruier. She is a widow, and much
older than Manoir; but she is very
much admired, and a favourite with
everybody.

“I have written myself into good
spirits, dear cousin; yet I cannot con—-
clude without again anxiously inqui-
ring concerning your health. Dear
Victor, if you are not very ill, write
yourself, and make your father and all

6 2

«xx-v-

