1-1-12 MODERN ”omen-mus. 129'

rner Studies, I.:t‘elt great relief in being
the fellow-pupil with my friend, and
found not only instruction 'but 'consola—
tion in the works of 'the orientalists.
Their melancholy is soothing, and their
joy elevating to a degree I never expe;
rienced in studying the authors of any
other country. When you read their
writings, life appears to consist in’ a
warm sun and garden of roses,——in the
smiles and frowns of a fair enemy, and
the ﬁre that consumes your own heart.=
How diﬂ'erent from the manly and he-
roical poetry of Greece and Rome. " 7

Summer passed away in these oc-
cupations, and my return to Geneva
was ﬁxed for the latter end of autumn ;'
but being delayed by several accidents,
winter and snow arrived; the roads were ‘
deemed impassable, and my journey
was retarded until the ensuing spring;
Ifelt this delay very bitterly; for I

' G 5

