130 FRANKENSTEIN ; on,

longed to see my native town, and my
beloved friends. My return had only
been delayed so long from an unwil-
lingness to leave Clerval in a strange
place, before he had become acquainted
with any of its inhabitants. The wine
ter, however, was-spent cheerfully ; and
although the spring was uncommonly
late, when it came Its beauty compen-
sated for its dilatoriness. ‘

The month of May had already com-'
mencegl, and I expected the letter daily
which was to ﬁx the date of my depar»
ture, when Henry proposed a pedestrian
tour in the environs of Ingolstadt, that
I might bid a personal farewell to 'the
country I had so long inhabited. I ac—
ceded with pleasure to this proposition :
I was fond of exercise, and Clerval had
always been my favourite companion in
the rambles of this nature that I had

taken among the scenes of my native
Country. ’

