132 , mmstmm; on,

py, inanimate nature had the power
of bestowing on me the most delight--
ful sensations. A serene sky and ver--
dant ﬁelds ﬁlled me with ecstasy. The-
present season was indeed divine; .the
ﬂowers ofspring bloomed in the hedges,
while those of summer were already in
bud: I was undisturbed by thoughts
which during the preceding year had
pressed upon me, notwithstanding my
endeavours to throw them off, with an
invincible burden.

Henry rejoiced in 'my gaiety, and
sincerely sympathized in my feelings:
he exerted himself to amuse me, while
he expressed the sensations that ﬁlled
his soul. The resources of his mind
on this occasion were truly astonish-
ing: his conversation was full of ima-
gination; and very often, in imitation
of the Persian end Arabic writers, he
invented tales of wonderful fancy and

