136' ’FRANKENSTEIN; on, ‘

warm and serene, and we prolonged
ourwalk farther than usual. It was
already dusk before we thought of re.
turning; and then we discovered that
William and Ernest, 'who had gone on
before, were not to be found. We ac-
cordingly rested on a seat until they
should return. Presently Ernest came.
and inquired if we had seen his bro;
ther; he said, that they had been play-
ing together, that William had run away
to hide himself, and that he vainly
sought for him,‘ and afterwards waited
for him a long time, but that he did
not return.

“This account rather alarmed us;
and we continued to search for 'him
until night fell, when Elizabeth conjec-
tured that he might have returned to
thehouse. He was not there. ‘ We re-
turned again, with torches; for I could
not rest, when I thought that my sWeet

 

