14:2 FRANKENSTEIN; on,

I my loved and sorrowing friends; but
when I drew. near my native town, I
slackened my progress. I could hardly
sustain the multitude of feelings that
crowded into my mind. I passed through
scenes familiar to my youth, but which
I had not seen for nearly six years.
How altered every thing might be during
that time 1 One sudden and desolatiug
change had taken place; but a thousand
little circumstances might have by de-
grees worked other alterations, which,
although they were done more tran-
quilly, might not be the less decisive.
Fear overcame me; I dared not advance,
dreading a thousand nameless evils that
made me tremble, although ,1 was un-
able to deÔ¨Åne them.

I remained two days at Lausanne, in
this painful state of mind. I contem-
plated the lake: the waters were placid;
all around was calm, and the snowy

 

