146 FRANKENSTEIN ; on;

and the Alps of Sévoy; Vivid ﬂashes of
lightning dazzled my eyes, illuminating
the lake, making it appear like a vast
sheet of ﬁre; then for an instant, every
thing seemed of a pitchy darkness; until
the eye recovered itself from the pre-
ceding ﬂash. The storm, as is often
the case in Switzerland, appeared at
once in various parts of the heavens.
The most riolent storm, hung exactly
north of the town, over that part ofthe
lake whioh lies' between the promontory
of Belrive and the village. of Copét. —
Another storm enlightened Juraiwith
faint ﬂashes ; and another darkened and
sometimes disclosed the'Mole, a peaked
mountain to the east of the lake.

While I watched the storm, so beau-
tiful yet terriﬁc, I wandered on With 8
hasty step] This noble, war in the sky
elevated my spirits ‘; I claspedrm'y hands.
land exclaimed aloud, "‘ William, dear

 

