THE MODERN PROMETHEUS. 149

now nearly elapsed since the night on
which he ﬁrst receiVed life; and was
this his ﬁrst crime P Alas ! I had turned
looseinto the world a depraved wretch,
whose delight was in carnage and mi-
sery; had he not murdered my brother?
' No 'one can conceive the anguish I
suﬂ'ered during the remainder of the
night, which -I spent, cold and wet, in
'the openlair. But I did not feel the
inconvenience of the weather; my ima-'
gination was busy in scenes of evil and
despair. I considered the being'whom '
I had cast among mankind,’ and en-
d0wed with the will and power to effect
purposes of horror, such as the deed
which he had now done, nearly in the.
light of my own vampire, my own spirit
let loose from the grave, and forced to
destroy all that was dear to me. -
Day dawned; and I directed my steps

 

