152 FRANKENSTEIN; 03,

presented Caroline Beaufort in an agony
of despair, kneeling by the cofﬁn of her
dead father. Her garb was rustic, and
her cheek pale; but there was an. air
of dignity and beauty, that hardly per-
mitted the sentiment of pity. Below
this picture was a miniature ofWilliam ;
and my tears ﬂowed- when I looked upon
it. While I was thus engaged, Ernest
entered: he had heard me arrive, and
hastened to welcome me. He expressed
asorrowful delight to see me: “Wel-
come, my dearest Victor,” said he. “Ah!
I wish you had come three months ago,
and then you would have found us all
joyous and delighted. But we are now
unhappy; and, I am afraid, tears instead
of smiles will be your welcome. Our
father looks so sorrowful: this dreadful
event seems to have revived in his mind
his grief on the death of mamma. Poor

 

