THE MODERN mommunus. 157

This speech calmed me. I was ﬁrmly
convinced in my own mind that Justine,
and indeed every human being, was
guiltless of this murder. I had no fear,
therefore, that any circumstantial evi-
dence could be brought forward strong
enough to convict her; and, in this as-
surance, I calmed myself, expecting the
trial with eagerness, but without proga
nosticating an 'evil result.

We were soon joined by Elizabeth.
Time had made great alterations in her
form since I had last beheld her. .Six
years before she had been a pretty,
good—humoured girl, whom every one
loved and caressed. She was now a
woman in stature and expression of
countenance, which was uncommonly
lovely. An open and capacious fore-
head gave indicatio'ns of a good under-
standing, joined to great frankness (if
disposition. Her eyes were haze], and

