THE MODERN PEOII’ETHEUS. 185

console my friends, if remorse had not
mingled its bitterness with my other
sensations. Now I could only answer '
my father with a look of despair, and
endeavour to hide myself from his View.

About this time we retired to our house
at Belrive. This change was particularly
agreeable to me. The shutting of the
gates regularly at ten o’clock, and the
impossibility of remaining on the lake
after that hour, had rendered our re-
sidence within the walls of Geneva very
irksome to me. I was now free. Often,
after the rest of the family had retired
for the night, I took the boat, and passed
many hours upon the water. Some-
times, with my sails set, I was carried
' by the wind; and sometimes, after row-
ing into the middle of the lake, I left
the boat to pursue its own course, and
gave way to my own miserable re-
ﬂections. I was often tempted, when

