THE MODERN PROMETHEUS- 203

whose aérial summits hung over its re-
cesses. Their icy and glittering peaks
shone in the sunlight over the clouds.
My heart, which was before sorrowful,
now swelled with something like joy;
I’exclaimed—“ Wandering spirits, if
indeed ye wander, and do not rest in
your narrowbeds, allow me this faint
happiness, or take me, as your com-
panion, away from the joys of life.”

As I said this, I suddenly beheld the
ﬁgure of a man, at some distance, ad-
vancing towards me with superhuman
speed. He bounded over the crevices
in the ice, among which I had walked
with caution; his stature also, as he
approached, seemed to exceed that of
man. I was troubled: a mist came
over my eyes, and I felt a faintness seize
me; but I was quickly restored by the
cold gale of the mountains. Iperceived,
as the shape came nearer, (sight tre~

