,204 FRANKENSTEIN ;. on, .

mendous and abhorred!) that it was
the wretch' whom I had created. I
trembled with rage and horror, resol-
ving to wait his approach, and then
close with him in mortal combat. He
approached; his countenance bespoke
bitter anguish, combined with disdain
and malignity, while its unearthlyng-
liness rendered it almost too horrible
for human eyes. But I scarcely 0!»
served this; anger and hatred had at
ﬁrst. deprived me of utterance, and I
recovered only to overwhelm him with
words expressive of furious detestation
and contempt.

“ Devil 1” I exclaimed, “ do you dare
approach me? and do not you fear the
ﬁerce vengeance of my arm wreaked on
your miserable head? Begone, vile in-
sect! or rather stay, that I may trample
you to dust! and, oh, that I could, with
the extinction of your miserable exist-

 

