rnz nouns moms/mans. 211:

compassion»: By the'virtuesthat I once
possessed, I .demand this. from you.
Hear my tale: it is long and strange,-
and the temperature of this place'is not
ﬁtting to your ﬁne sensations; come to
the but upon the mountain. The sun is
yet‘high in the heavens; before it do.-
scends to hide itself behind yon snowy
precipices, and illuminate another world,
you ,will have heard my story, and can
decide. On you it rests, whether [quit
for ever'the neighbourhood of 'man, and
lead a harmless life, or become ‘the .
. scourge of your fellow-creatures, and
the author of your own speedy ruin.”
As he said this, he led the way across
the ice: I followed. My heart was full,
and I did not answer him; but, as l pro.
ceeded, I weighed the various arguv
ments that he had used, and determined
at least to listen -to his tale. I was
partly urged by curiosity, and compas-

