228 . snnnxenswam; on,

man again, with sometools in his hand,
cross the ﬁeld behind the cottage; and
the girl was also busied, sometimes in
the house, and sometimes in the yard.
“ 0n examining my dwelling, I found
that one of the windows of the cottage
had formerly occupied a part of it, but
the panes had been ﬁlled up with Wood.
In one of these was a small and almost
imperceptible chink, through which ,the
eye could just penetrate. Through this
crevice a small room was visible, white-
washed and clean, but very bare of
furniture. In one corner, near a small
ﬁre, sat an old man, leaning his head _
on his hands in a disconsolate attitude.
The young girl was occupied in ar-
ranging the cottage; but presentlyshe
took something out of a drawer, which
employed her hands, and she sat 'down
beside the old man, who, taking up an
instrument, began to play, and to pro-

