THE MODERN rnommneus. 231

“ The old man had, in the mean time,
been pensive; but, on the appearance
of his companions, he assumed a mine
cheerful air, and they sat down to eat;
The meal was quickly despatched. The
young woman was again occupied in
arranging the cottage; the old man
walked before the cottage in the sun
for a few minutes, leaning on the arm
of the youth. Nothing could exceed in
beauty the contrast between these two
excellent creatures. One was old, with
silver hairs and a countenance beaming
with benevolence and love: the younger
was slight and graceful in his ﬁgure,
and his features were moulded with the
ﬁnest symmetry; yet his eyes and atti-
tude expressed the utmost sadness and,
despondency. The old man returned
to the cottage; and the youth, with
tools different from those he had used

 

