TEE MODERN PROMETHEUS. 241

cottagers greatly endeared them to me:
when they were unhappy, I felt depress-
ed; when they rejoiced, I sympathized
in their joys. I saw few human beings ,
beside them ; and if any other happened
to enter the cottage, their harsh manners
and rude gait only enhanced to me the
superior accomplishments of my friends.
The old man, I could perceive, often
endeavoured to encourage his children,
as sometimes I found that he called
them, to cast off their melancholy, He'
would talk in a cheerful accent, with
an expression of goodness that bestowed
pleasure even upon me. Agatha list-
ened with respect, her eyes sometimes
ﬁlled with tears, which she endeavoured
:o wipe away unperceiVed ; but I gene;
'ally found that her countenance and
one were more cheerful after having
istened to the exhortations of her fa-
her.’ It was not thus with Felix. He
VOL. I. M

 

