THE MODERN PROMETHEUS. 24-7

occasions, utter the words good spirit,
wonderﬂl; but I did not then under-
stand the signiﬁcation of these terms.
“My thoughts now became more
active, and I longed to discover the
motives and feelings of these lovely
creatures; I was inquisitive to know
why Felix appeared so miserable, and
Agatha so sad. I thought (foolish
wretch !) that it might be in my power
to restore happiness to these deserving
people. When I slept, or was absent,
the forms of the venerable blind father,
the gentle Agatha, and the excellent ,
Felix, ﬂitted before me. I looked upon
them as superior beings, who would be
the arbiters of my future destiny. I
formed- in my imagination a thousand
pictures of presenting myself to them,
and their reception of me. I imagined
that they would be disgusted, until, by
my gentle demeanour and conciliating

