4 rmnxnssrnin ; on,

she held out her hand to Felix, who
kissed it rapturously, and called her, as
well as I could distinguish, his sweet
'Arabian. She did not appear to under-
stand him, but smiled., He assisted her
to dismount, and dismissing her guide,
Conducted her into the cottage. Some
’conversation took place between him
and his father; and the young stranger
knelt at the old man’s feet, and would
have kissed his hand, but he raised her,
and embraced her affectionately.

“ I soon perceived, that although the
stranger uttered articulate sounds, and
‘appeared to have a language of her
own, she was neither understood by, nor
herself understood, the cottagers. They
'made many signs which I did not com—
prehend; but I saw that her presence
diffused gladness through the cottage,
dispelling their sorrow as the Sun dissi-
pates the morning mists. Felix seemed

 

