1'2 , FRANKENSTEIN"; 0R, ‘ e

as a vagabond and a slave, doomed to
waste his powers for the proﬁt of the
chosen. few P And what was I ? Of my
creation and creator I was absolutely
ignorant; but I knew that I possessed
no money, no friends, no kind of pro-
perty. I was, besides, endued with a,
ﬁgure hideously deformed and loath-
some; I was _not even of the same na-
ture as man. I was more agile than
they, and could subsistnpon coarser
diet; I bore the extremes of heat and
cold with less injury to my frame; my
stature far exceeded theirs.. When :1
looked around, I saw andheard. of none
like me. Was I then a monster, a blot
upon the earth, from which all men ﬂei
and whom all men disowned E» .

“ I cannot describe -to you the/agony
that these reﬂections inﬂicted upon m2;
I tried to dispel them, but sorrow only
increased with knowﬂge. Oh, that

 

