18 FRANKENSTEIN; on, ' ,

crime alleged against him, had been
the cause of his condemnation“ v

“ Felix had accidentally been present
at the trial; his horror and indignation
were uncontrollable, when he heard the
decision of the court. He made, at that
moment, a solemn vow'to deliver him,
and then looked around for the means.
After many fruitless [attempts to gain
admittance to the prison, he found a
strongly grated window in an unguarded
part of the building, which lighted the
dungeon of the unfortunate Mahometa’n:
who, loaded with chains, waited in de-
spair the execution of the barbarous
sentence. Felix visited the grate at
night, and made known‘to the prisoner
his intentions in his favour. The Turks
amazed and delighted,. endeavoured. to
kindle the zeal of his deliverer by pm-
mises of reward and wealth. Felix
rejected his oﬂ‘ers with contempt; yet

