28 mmxnnsmm; on,

would become her to pursue in this
emergency. A residence in Turkey was
abhorrent to her; her religion and her
feelings were alike adverse to it. By!
some papers of her father, which fell
into her hands,,she heard of the exile
of her lover, and learnt the namelof
the spot where he then resided. She
hesitated some time, but at length she
formed her determination. Taking with
her some jewels that belonged to her»
and a small sum of money, she quitted
Italy, with an attendant, a nativeof
Leghorn, but who understood the com-
mon language of Turkey, and departed
for Germany. .

“ She arrived in safety at a town
about twenty leagues from the cottage
of De Lacey, when her attendant fell
dangerously ill. Saﬁe nursed her with
the most devoted affection; but the
poor girl died, and the Arabian was

