THE MODERN PROMETHEUS. 31

not omit a circumstance which occurred
in the beginning of the month of August
of the same year.

“ One night, during my accustomed
visit to the neighbouring wood, Where
I collected my own feed, and brought
home ﬁring for my protectors, I found
on the ground a leathern portmanteau,
containing several articles of dress and
some books. I eagerly seized the prize,
and returned with it to my hovel. For-
tunately the books were written in the
language the elements of which I had
acquired at the cottage; they con-
sisted of Paradise Lost, a volume of
Plularch’s Lives, and the Sorrows of
~Wertcr. The possession of these trea-
sures gave me extreme delighti I now
continually studied and exercised my
mind upon these histories, whilst my
friends were employed in their ordinary
occupations. '

 

