M FRANKENSTEIN ; on,

“ One day, when the sun shone on
the red leaves that strewed the ground,
and diﬂ'used cheerfuln'ess, although it
denied warmth, Saﬁe, Agatha, and Fe—
lix, departed on a long country walk,
and the old man, at his own desire, was
left alone in the cottage. When his
children had departed, he took up his
guitar, and played several mournful,
but sweet airs, more sweet and mournful
than I had ever heard him play before.
At ﬁrst his countenance was illuminated
with pleasure, but, as‘ he continued,
thoughtfulness and sadness succeeded;
at length, laying aside the‘instrument,
he sat’ahsorbed in reﬂection. .

‘i‘ My heart beat quick; this was the
hour and moment of trial, which would
decide my hopes, or realize my fears.
The servants were gone to a neighbour-
ing fair. All was silent in and around
the cottage: it was an excellent oppor-

