14 mmxnnsrsm; on,

ness of his discipline. He is, indeed, of
so amiable a nature, that he will not
hunt (a favourite, and almost the only
amusement here), because he cannot
endure to spill blood. He is, moreover,
heroically generous. Some years ago
he loved a young Russian lady, of mo-
derate fortune; and having amassed a
considerable sum in prize-money, the
father of the girl consented to the
match. He saw his mistress once be- â€˜
fore the destined ceremony; but she
was bathed in tears, and, throwing her-
selfrathis feet, entreated him to spare
her, confessing at the same time that
she loved another, but that he was poor,
and that her father would never consent
to the union. . My generous friend re-
assured the suppliant, and on being
informed of the name of her lover in-
stantly abandoned his pursuit. He had
already bought a farm with his money,

 

