64 FRANKENSTEIN; on,

green, conﬁrmed in an especial man-
ner the bitterness and horror of my
feelings. -

“ I generally rested during the day,
and travelled only when l was secured
by night from the view of man. One
morning, however, ﬁnding that my
path lay through a deep wood, I ven-
tured to continue my journey after the
sun had risen; the day, which was one
of the ﬁrst of spring, cheered even me
by the loveliness of its sunshine and
the balminess of the air. I felt emo-
tions of gentleness and pleasure, that
had long appeared dead, revive within
me. Half surprised by the novelty of
these sensations, I allowed myself to be
borne away by them; and, forgetting
my solitude and deformity, dared to be
happy.‘ Soft tears again bedewed my
cheeks, and I even raised my humid
eyes with thankfulness towards the

 

