THE MODERN PROMETHEUS. 65

blessed sun which bestowed such joy
upon me.

â€œ I continued to wind among the
paths of the wood, until I came to its
boundary, which was skirted by a deep
and rapid river, into which many of the
trees bent their branches, now budding
with the fresh spring. Here I paused,
not exactly knowing what path to pur-
sue, when I heard the sound of voices,
that induced me to conceal myself un-
der the shade of a cypress. I was
scarcely hid, when a young girl came
running towards the spot where I was
concealed, laughing as if she ran from
some one in sport. She continuedher'
course along the precipitous sides of
the river, when suddenly her foot slipt,
and she fell into the rapid stream. I
rushed from my hiding-place,.and, with
extreme'labour from the force of the
current, saved her, and dragged her

