66 FRANKENSTEIN ; on,

to shore. She was senseless; 'and‘I
endeaxmured, by every'means in my
power, to restore animation,- when I
was suddenly interrupted by the ap-
proach of a rustic, who was probably
the person :from‘ whom she had play-
fully ﬂed. On seeing me,-he darted
towards me, and, tearing ‘the girl from
my arms, hastened towards the deeper
parts of the wood. I folloWed speedily,
I hardly knew why ; but when the man
saw me draw near, he aimed a gun,
which he carried, at my body, and ﬁred;
I sunk to the ground, and my injurer,
with increased swiftness, escaped into
the wood. _ L
“ This was then the reward of my
benevolence! I had saved, arhuman
being from destruction, and, as a re-
compense, I now writhed under the
miserable pain of a wound, which shat-
tered the ﬂesh and bone. The feelings

