Vras MODERN noun-uses. 69

me from the pain of reﬂection, which
was disturbed by the approach of a
beautiful child, who came running into
the recess I had chosen, with all the
sportiveness of infancy. Suddenly, as
I gazed on him, an idea seized me, that
this little creature was unprejudiced,
and had lived too short a time to have
imbibed a horror of deformity. If,
therefore, I could seize him, and edu-
cate him as my companion and friend,
I should not be so desolate in this peo-
pled earth. .

“ Urged by this impulse, I seized on
the boy ashe passed, and drew him to-
ivards me. As soon as he beheld my
form, he placed his hands before his
eyes, and uttered a shrill scream: I
drew his hand forcibly from his face,
and said, ‘ Child, what is the meaning
of this? I do 'not intend to hurt you;
listen to me.’ »

