THE mum rmmrnnvs. 83-

ments which he had employed. I thought
of the promise of virtues which he had.
displayed on the opening of his existence,
and the subsequent blight of all kindly
feeling by the loathing and scorn which
his protectors had manifested towards
him. His power and threats were not
omitted in my calculations: a creature I
who could exist in the ice-caves of the
glaciers, and hide himself from pursuit
among the ridges of inaccessible preci-
pices, was a being possessing faculties
it would be vain‘ to cope with. After a
long pause of reﬂection, I concluded
that the justice due both to him and my
fellow-creatures demanded of me that I
should comply with his request. Turn-
ing to him, therefore, I said—
“ I consent to Your demand, on your
‘ solemn oath to quit Europe for ever,
and every other place in the neighbour-

 

