THE MODERN PROMETlilEUS. 85

that I ought to hasten my descent to-
wards the valley, as I should soon be
encompassed in darkness; but my heart
was heavy, and my steps slow.' The
labour of winding'among the little
paths of the mountains, and ﬁxing my
feet ﬁrmly as I advanced, perplexed _
me, occupied as I was by the emotions

which the occurrences of the day had
produced. Night was far advanced,
When I came to the half-way resting-
place, and seated myself beside the
fountain. The stars shone at intervals,
as the clouds passed from over them;
the dark pines rose before me, and
every here and there a broken tree lay
on the ground: it was a scene of won-
derful solemnity, and stirred strange
thoughts within me. I wept bitterly;
and, clasping my hands in agony, I
exclaimed, “ Oh! stars, and clouds,
and winds, ye are all about to mock

