110 FRANKENSTEIN; on,

my days of study and happiness, it would
have afforded me inexpressible pleasure.
But a blight had come over my exist-
ence, and I only visited these people for
the sake of the information they might
give me on the subject in which my
interest was so terribly profound. Com-
pany was irksome to me; when alone,
I could ﬁll my mind with the sights of
heaven and earth; the' voice of Henry
soothed me, and I could thus cheat my- '
self into a transitory peace. But busy
uninteresting joyous faces brought back
despair to my heart. I saw an insur-
mountable barrier placed between me
and my fellow men; this barrier was
sealed with the blood of William and
Justine; and to reﬂect on the events
connected with those names .ﬁlled ‘my
soul with anguish.

But in Clerval I saw the image of my
former self; he was inquisitive, and‘

