THE MODERN PROMETEEUS. 115

placid expanse of waters, which reﬂects
its majestic assemblage of towers, and
spires, and domes, embosomed among
aged trees.

I enjoyed this scene ; and yet my en-
joyment was embittered both by the
memory of the past, and the anticipa-
tion of the future. I was formed for
peaceful happiness. During my youth-
ful days discontent never visited my
mind; and if I was ever overcome by
ennui, the sight of what is beautiful in
nature, or the study of what is excellent
and sublime in the productions of man,
could always interest my heart, and
communicate elasticity to my spirits,
But I am a blasted tree; the bolt has
entered my soul; and I felt then that I
should survive to exhibit, what I shall
soon cease to be—a miserable spectacle
of wrecked humanity, pitiable to others,
and intolerable to myself.

