THE .MODERN PROMETHEUS. 15S

served a strong northerly blast rising,
and they accordingly put in for port.
It was a very dark night, as the moon
had not yet risen ; they did not land at
the harbour, but, as they had been ac.
customed, at a creek about two miles
below. He walked on ﬁrst, carrying
a part of the ﬁshing tackle, and his
companions followed him at some di—
stance. As he was-proceeding along the
sands, he struck his foot against some—
thing, and fell at his length on the
ground. His companions came up to
assist him; and, by the light of their
lantern, they found that he had fallen
on the body of a man, who was to all
appearance dead. Their ﬁrst suppo-
sition was, that it was the corpse of
some person who had been drowned,
and was thrown on shore by the waves ;
but, on examination, they found that
the clothes were not wet, and even that
H 5

