THE MODERN PROMETHEUS. 1’73

minal charge, that I was againallowerl
to breathe the fresh atmosphere, and
allowed to return to my native country.
I did not participatelin these feelings;
for to me the walls of a dungeon or a
palace were alike hateful. The,cup of
life was poisoned for ever; and al-
though the sun shone upon me, as upon
the happy and gay of. heart, I saw
around me nothing but a dense and
frightful darkness, penetrated, by no
light but the glimmerof twoeyes that
glared upon me. Sometimes they were
the expressive eyes of ‘Henry, languish-
ing in death, the dark orbs nearly
covered by the lids, and the long black
lashes that fringed them; sometimes it
was the watery, clouded eyes of themon-
ster, as I ﬁrst saw them in/ my chamber
at Ingolstadt.

My father tried to awaken in me the ‘
feelings of affection. He talked of

