176 ‘ hummus-mm; on,

the cabin; and I lay on the deck, look:
ing. at the stars, and listening to the
dashing of the waves; 1 hailed the
darkness that shut Ireland from my
sight, and my pulse beatwith a feverish
joy, when I reﬂected that I should soon
see Geneva. The past appeared to
me in the light ofia frightful dream;
yet the vessel ,in which I was, the .wind
that blew me from the detested shore of
Ireland, and the sea which surrounded
me, told me too forcibly that I was de-
ceived by 116 vision, and that Clerval,
my friend and dearest companion, had
fallen a victim to me and the monster
of my creation. I repassei. in my,
memory, my Whole life; my quiet hap-
piness while residing with my family in
Geneva, the.death of my mother-band
my departure for Ingolstadt. I remem-
bered shuddering at the mad ,enthu-
siasm that hurried me on to the cm:-

