THE’ MODERN PROMETHEUS. . 187

mighty regret our connexion, and be-
lieveyourSelf bound in honour to fulﬁl
the Wishes of your parents, although
they opposed themselves to your incli-
nations. 7 But this is false reasoning.
I ctmfess to you, my cousin, that I love
you, and that in my airy dreams of
futurity you have been my constant
,i'riend and companion. But it is your
happiness I desire as~well as my own,
when I declare to you, that our marriage
would render me eternally miserable,
unless it were the dictate of your own
free choice. .Even now I weep to think,
that, borne down as you are by the
druielest misfortunes, you may stiﬂe, by
the word honour, all hope of that love
and happiness which would alone re-
store you to yoursel-ﬁ‘ I, who have so
interested an affection for you, may in-
crease your miseries tenfold, by being
an obstacle to your wishes. Ah, Vic-

