THE MODERN PROMETHEUS 189

of the ﬁend—“I will be with you on
your weddingmight!” Such was my
sentence, and on that night would the
daemon employ every art to'destro‘y me;
and tear me from the glimpse of happi—
ness which promised partly to console
my suﬂ‘erings. On that night he had
determined to consummate his crimes
by mydeath.‘ Well, be it so; a deadly
struggle would then assuredly take
place, in which if he were victorious, I
should be at peace,land his power over
me be at an end. ‘If he were van;
quished, I should be a free man. Alas!
what freedom? such as the peasant
enjoys when his family have been masi
sacred before his eyes, his cottage
burnt, his lands laid waste, and he is
turned adrift, homeless, pennyless, and
alone, but free. Such would be my
liberty, except that in my Elizabeth I
possessed a treasure; alas! balanced

