224 Fungus-ran; an,

approached, 'I found myself at the en-
trance of the cemetery 'where Wi14
liam, Elizabeth, and my’father, re-
posedf I entered it, and approached
the tomb which' marked their graves.
Every thing was silent, except the
leaves of the trees, which were gently
agitated by the wind; the night was
nearly dark; and the'scene would have
been solemn and affecting even to an
uninterested observer. The spirits of
the departed seemed to ﬂit aronnd, and
to' cast a shadow, which was felt. but
not seeny around ‘the head of the
mourner. v I v e

The deep grief which this scene had
at ﬁrst excited quickly gave way to
rage and despair. They were'deadq
and I lived; their murderer also lived»
and to destroy him I must drag out my
weary existence. I knelt on the grass,
and kissed the earth, and with quiver-

