THE ;MODEBN rnonerueus. 233

were shut up in their hovels, and only a
few of-the most hardy ventured forth to
seize the animals whom starvation had
forced from their hiding-places to seek
for prey. The rivers were covered with
ice, and no ﬁsh could be procured ; and
thus I was out OK from my chief article
of maintenance. ‘
The triumph of my enemy increased
with the difﬁculty of my labours. -One
inscription that he left was in these
words: “ Prepare! your toils only be-
gin: wrap yourself in furs, and provide
food, for we shall soon enter upon a
journey where your sufferings will satisfy
my everlasting hatred.” -
My courage and perseverance were
invigorated by these scotﬁng‘ words; I
resolved not to fail in my purpose; and,
realling on Heaven to support me, 1 con—
tinued with unabated fervour to traverse
immense deserts, until _ the ocean ap-

