994 manuals-mm; on,

pear-ed at a distance, and formed the
utmost boundary of the horizon. Oh!
'how unlike it was to the blue seas of
the south! Covered with ice, it was
only to be distinguished from land by
its superior wildness and ruggedness.
The Greeks wept for joy when they be-
held the Mediterranean from the hills
of Asia, and hailed with rapture the
boundary of their toils. I did not weep;
but I knelt down, and, with a full hem,
thanked my guiding spirit for conduct-
ing me in safety to the place whereI
hoped, notwithstanding my adversary’s
gibe, to meet and grapple with him.
Some weeks before-this period I had
procured a sledge and dogs, and thus
traversed the snows with inconceivable
speed. I know not whether the ﬁend
possessed the same advantages; butI
found that, as before I had daily 109t
ground in the pursuit, I now gained on

 

