288 FRANKENITEIN; on,

wrung bitter drops of despondency and
grief from my eyes. Despairhad indeed
almost secured her prey, and I should
Soon have sunk beneath this misery.-
Once, after the poor animals that convey-
ed me had with incredible toil gained the
summit of a sloping ice-mountain, and
one, sinking under his fatigue, died, I
viewed the expanse before 'me with an-
guish, when suddenly my eye caught a
dark speck upon the dusky plain. I
strained my sight to discover What it
could'be, and uttered a wild cry of
ecstacy when I distinguished a sledge,
and the distorted proportions of a well-
known form within. 0h! with what a
burning gush did hope revisit my heart!
warm tears Ô¨Ålled my eyes, which i
hastily Wiped away, that they might not
y intercept the view I had of the-daemon;
but still my sight was dimmed by'the

 

