THE MODERN PROMETHEUS. 24-7

fortunes. On every point of general
literature he displays unbounded know-
ledge, and a quick and piercing appre-
hension. His eloquence is forcible and
touching; nor can-I hear him, when
he relates a pathetic incident, or en-
deavours to move the passions of pity
on" love, without tears. What a glo-
rious creature must he have been in
the days of his prosperity, when he is
thus noble and godlike in ruin. He
seems to feel his own worth, and the
greatness of his fall. -

~“ When younger,” said he, “ I be-
lieved myself destined for some great
enterprise. My feelings are profound ;
but I possessed a coolness of judgment
that ﬁtted me for illustrious achieve-
ments. This sentiment ,of the worth
of my nature supported me, when others
would. have been oppressed; for I deem-
ed it criminal to throw away in useless

