252 ~ rmmxmvsrmm 031,1 ‘

am surrounded by: monntains’of‘ ice;
which admit of" no escape, and threaten
every moment toerush my vessel. ‘The
brave'fellows, whom ‘I have persuaded
to be my companions, look towards mé
for aid; but I have none to bestow.
There is something terribly appalling
in our situation, yet my courage and
« hopes do not desert me. ‘We may
survive ; and if we do not, [ will‘repeat
the lessons of my Seneca, and die’with
a good heart. ’ ‘ ‘
_Yet‘ what, Margaret,‘ will be the
state of your mind? You will not hear
of my destruction, and you will anx-
iously await my return. Years will
pass, and you will have visitings of
despair, and yet be tortured ‘by hope.
Oh! my beloved sister, the sickening
failing of » your ‘Marbfdt expectation?
is, in prospect, «more terrible to. me
than=my own death. But: you ' haveﬂa

, \ .: «egg;-

