556 " fn‘ANxENsmm‘; on; "

not despaire‘d; nor had I yet conceived
the idea. of returning,‘ if set free. Yet
could I, in justice, or evenin possi‘x
hility, refuse this demand? I hesitated
before I answered ;»‘when Frankenstein,
who had at ﬁrst been: silent, and, in-
deed, appeared hardly to have force
enough to attend, now roused himself':
his eyes sparkled, and his cheeks
ﬂushed with momentary vigour. Turn-
‘ing towards the men, he said—

“ What do you mean?‘ What do
you demand of your'captain? ,Are
you then so easily‘ turned from your
design? Did you not call this a glo-
rious expedition P and wherefore was it
glorious? Not because the Way’ W39
smooth and placid as a southern sea,
but because it was full of dangers and
terror; because, at every new incident,
your fortitude was to be called forth
and your. courage exhibited; because

 

