THE MODERN Pnomnrﬂnus. 2'11

“ After the murder of Clerval,‘ I
returned to Switzerland, heart-broken
and overcome. I pitied Frankenstein;

‘my pity amounted to horror: ‘I ah-
horred myself. But when I discovered
that he, the author at once of my exist—
ence and of its unspeakable torments,
dared to'hope for happiness; that while
he accumulated wre‘tchedness and de-
spair upon me, he sought his own en-
joyment in feelings and passions from
the indulgence of which I was for ever
barred, then impotent envy and bitter
indignation ﬁlled me with an insatiable
thirst for vengeance. I recollected my
threat, and resolved that it should be
accomplished. I knew that I was pre-
paring for myself a deadly torture; but
I was the slave7 not the master, of an
impulse, which I detested, yet could not
disobey. Yet when she died l—nay,
then I was not miserable. I had cast

