44 FRANKENSTEIN ; on,

cessor to all his labours and utility;
N‘o creature could have more tender
parents than mine. My improvement
and health were their constant care,
especially as I remained for several years
their only child. But before I continue
my narrative, I must record an incident
which took place when I was four years
of age.

My father had a sister, whom he
tenderly loved, and who had married
early in life an Italian gentleman. Soon
after her marriage, she had accom-
panied her husband into his native
country, and for some years my father
had very little communication with her.
, About the time Imentioned she diedr
and a few months afterwards he re—
ceived a letter from her husband, ac-
quaintin'g him with his intention of
marrying an Italian lady, and request-
ing my father to take charge of the in-

 

