THE MODERN PROMETHEUS. 73

voice the sweetest I had ever heard.
He'began his lecture by a recapitu-
lation of the history of chemistry and
the various improvements made by dif-
ferent men of learning, pronouncing
with fervour the names of the most
distinguished discoverers. He then took
a‘ cursory view of the present state of
the science, and explained many of its
elementary terms. After having made
‘ a few preparatory experiments, be con—
cluded with a panegyric upon modern
chemistry, the terms of which I shall
never forget :— ,

“The ancient teachers of this sci-
ence,” said he, .“ promised impossibili-
tieS, and performed nothing. The mo-'
dern masters promise very little; they
know. that metals cannot be transmuted,
and that the elixir of life is a chi-
mera. But these philosophers; whose
hands seemvonly made to dabble in.

VOL. I. n ‘

