THE MODERN mount-mos. 79

a true friend. His gentleness was ne-
ver tinged by dogmatism; and his in-
structions were given with an air of
frankness and good nature, that ha—
nished every idea of pedantry. It was,
perhaps, the amiable character of this
man that inclined me more to that
branch of natural philosophy which he
professed, than an intrinsic love for the
science itself. ' But this state of mind
had place only in the ﬁrst steps towards
knowledge: the more fully I entered
into the science, the more exclusively
[pursued it for its own sake. That
application, which at ﬁrst had been a
matter of duty and resolution, now be-
came so ardent and eager, that the stars
often disappeared in the light of morn-
ing whilst I was yet engaged in my
laboratory. '

As I applied so closely, it may be
easily conceived that l improved ra—

 

